README.md, before:


# Vibe Builder (Gemini 3.0 Hackathon Entry)

**Vibe Builder** is an AI-native no-code solution designed to bridge the gap between abstract ideas and executable code. Built for the **Kaggle Gemini 3.0 Competition**, it leverages the advanced reasoning capabilities of Google's **Gemini 3.0 Pro** model to act as a senior web architect, designer, and developer.

## 🚀 Vision & Roadmap

Currently, Vibe Builder operates as a powerful **POC (Proof of Concept)** that generates high-quality React + Vite scaffolding. However, our long-term vision is to evolve this tool into a fully managed, **Multi-tenant SaaS Platform** that automates the entire software development lifecycle.

### Phase 1: AI-Native Prototyping (Current POC)
- **Core Engine**: Gemini 3.0 Pro (Reasoning, Planning, Coding).
- **Workflow**: Route Definition -> Wireframing -> AI Review -> Code Generation.
- **Output**: Complete source code bundles (Frontend, Backend, DB, Docs) via ZIP or GitHub.
- **Current Stack Support**: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Node.js/Python.
- **Goal**: Drastically reduce the "zero to one" setup time for developers and founders.

### Phase 2: End-to-End SaaS Platform (Future Vision)
The project will evolve into a comprehensive service with the following architecture:

- **Architecture**: **Multi-tenant SaaS** (Software as a Service).
- **Frontend Framework**: **Next.js** (App Router) using Monorepo structure for scalability.
- **Backend Service**: **FastAPI** (Python) for high-performance, asynchronous processing and AI orchestration.
- **Database**: **PostgreSQL** with Row Level Security (RLS) and tenant isolation strategies.
- **Key Features**:
  - **One-Click Deployment**: Direct integration with cloud providers (Vercel, Supabase).
  - **Live Sandbox**: Integrated IDE for real-time code editing and preview.
  - **Continuous Evolution**: AI agents that can maintain and update existing applications.

## 🛠 Tech Stack (Vibe Builder Itself)
- **Frontend**: React 18, Vite, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **AI Integration**: Google GenAI SDK (`@google/genai`)
- **Model**: `gemini-3-pro-preview`
- **Visualization**: Mermaid.js (ERD), Lucide React (UI Icons)
- **Utilities**: JSZip (Client-side compression)

## ✨ Key Features (Hackathon Highlights)
1. **Agentic Workflow**: Mimics human development process (Plan -> Design -> Review -> Code).
2. **Multimodal Vision-to-Code**: Upload sketches or screenshots, and Gemini 3.0 will translate visual designs directly into React/Tailwind code.
3. **Self-Correcting Review**: AI detects missing logic (e.g., forgotten auth pages) and auto-corrects the architecture.
4. **Full-Stack Scaffolding**: Generates not just code snippets, but a runnable project structure with backend and docs.

## 💡 How It Works
1. **Ideation**: Users describe their project idea in natural language.
2. **Architecture**: AI architect suggests necessary routes and page structures.
3. **Wireframing / Vision**: AI designs blueprints. Users can upload **images/sketches** which Gemini 3.0 analyzes to generate pixel-perfect layouts.
4. **Review**: AI acts as a PM to review logical gaps (e.g., missing auth pages).
5. **Generation**: The system outputs a production-ready codebase including API specs (OpenAPI) and DB Schemas.

---

## 🎬 Demo Scenario (For Hackathon Presentation)

To showcase the full potential of Vibe Builder during the demo video, follow this recommended flow:

1.  **Planning (Ideation)**:
    *   Input: "I want to build an online shopping mall."
    *   Action: AI automatically generates the route structure.
2.  **Multimodal (Core Feature)**:
    *   Action: Go to the "Custom Upload" tab.
    *   Input: Upload a photo of a **hand-drawn sketch** of the shopping mall's main page.
3.  **Review (Agentic Reasoning)**:
    *   Action: AI Architect points out, "There is no shopping cart page."
    *   Input: Click "Apply Improvements" to auto-correct the structure.
4.  **Result (Vision-to-Code)**:
    *   Observation: Show the generated code preview. Point out that the layout matches the **hand-drawn sketch** uploaded earlier.
5.  **Vision (Closing)**:
    *   Action: Open the Roadmap Modal after downloading code.
    *   Message: "This is just the beginning. Vibe Builder will evolve into a full SaaS platform."

---
*Built with ❤️ using Gemini 3.0*

Commit message:

feat(setup): Add API key handling and local setup guide
Introduces an API key modal for user input and updates the README to include instructions for local development setup, including API key configuration. Also refactors API key handling in `App.tsx` to support different environment variables.

README.md, after:


# Vibe Builder (Gemini 3.0 Hackathon Entry)

**Vibe Builder** is an AI-native no-code solution designed to bridge the gap between abstract ideas and executable code. Built for the **Kaggle Gemini 3.0 Competition**, it leverages the advanced reasoning capabilities of Google's **Gemini 3.0 Pro** model to act as a senior web architect, designer, and developer.

## 🚀 Vision & Roadmap

Currently, Vibe Builder operates as a powerful **POC (Proof of Concept)** that generates high-quality React + Vite scaffolding. However, our long-term vision is to evolve this tool into a fully managed, **Multi-tenant SaaS Platform** that automates the entire software development lifecycle.

### Phase 1: AI-Native Prototyping (Current POC)
- **Core Engine**: Gemini 3.0 Pro (Reasoning, Planning, Coding).
- **Workflow**: Route Definition -> Wireframing -> AI Review -> Code Generation.
- **Output**: Complete source code bundles (Frontend, Backend, DB, Docs) via ZIP or GitHub.
- **Current Stack Support**: React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Node.js/Python.
- **Goal**: Drastically reduce the "zero to one" setup time for developers and founders.

### Phase 2: End-to-End SaaS Platform (Future Vision)
The project will evolve into a comprehensive service with the following architecture:

- **Architecture**: **Multi-tenant SaaS** (Software as a Service).
- **Frontend Framework**: **Next.js** (App Router) using Monorepo structure for scalability.
- **Backend Service**: **FastAPI** (Python) for high-performance, asynchronous processing and AI orchestration.
- **Database**: **PostgreSQL** with Row Level Security (RLS) and tenant isolation strategies.
- **Key Features**:
  - **One-Click Deployment**: Direct integration with cloud providers (Vercel, Supabase).
  - **Live Sandbox**: Integrated IDE for real-time code editing and preview.
  - **Continuous Evolution**: AI agents that can maintain and update existing applications.

## 🛠 Tech Stack (Vibe Builder Itself)
- **Frontend**: React 18, Vite, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS
- **AI Integration**: Google GenAI SDK (`@google/genai`)
- **Model**: `gemini-3-pro-preview`
- **Visualization**: Mermaid.js (ERD), Lucide React (UI Icons)
- **Utilities**: JSZip (Client-side compression)

## ✨ Key Features (Hackathon Highlights)
1. **Agentic Workflow**: Mimics human development process (Plan -> Design -> Review -> Code).
2. **Multimodal Vision-to-Code**: Upload sketches or screenshots, and Gemini 3.0 will translate visual designs directly into React/Tailwind code.
3. **Self-Correcting Review**: AI detects missing logic (e.g., forgotten auth pages) and auto-corrects the architecture.
4. **Full-Stack Scaffolding**: Generates not just code snippets, but a runnable project structure with backend and docs.

## 💡 How It Works
1. **Ideation**: Users describe their project idea in natural language.
2. **Architecture**: AI architect suggests necessary routes and page structures.
3. **Wireframing / Vision**: AI designs blueprints. Users can upload **images/sketches** which Gemini 3.0 analyzes to generate pixel-perfect layouts.
4. **Review**: AI acts as a PM to review logical gaps (e.g., forgotten auth pages).
5. **Generation**: The system outputs a production-ready codebase including API specs (OpenAPI) and DB Schemas.

## 🔧 Local Development Setup

To run Vibe Builder locally after cloning the repository:

1.  **Install Dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
2.  **Configure API Key**:
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your Google Gemini API Key:
    ```env
    VITE_GOOGLE_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
    ```
    > **Note**: You can get a free API key from [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey).
3.  **Run Development Server**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

---

## 🎬 Demo Scenario (For Hackathon Presentation)

To showcase the full potential of Vibe Builder during the demo video, follow this recommended flow:

1.  **Planning (Ideation)**:
    *   Input: "I want to build an online shopping mall."
    *   Action: AI automatically generates the route structure.
2.  **Multimodal (Core Feature)**:
    *   Action: Go to the "Custom Upload" tab.
    *   Input: Upload a photo of a **hand-drawn sketch** of the shopping mall's main page.
3.  **Review (Agentic Reasoning)**:
    *   Action: AI Architect points out, "There is no shopping cart page."
    *   Input: Click "Apply Improvements" to auto-correct the structure.
4.  **Result (Vision-to-Code)**:
    *   Observation: Show the generated code preview. Point out that the layout matches the **hand-drawn sketch** uploaded earlier.
5.  **Vision (Closing)**:
    *   Action: Open the Roadmap Modal after downloading code.
    *   Message: "This is just the beginning. Vibe Builder will evolve into a full SaaS platform."

---
*Built with ❤️ using Gemini 3.0*
